Having had a chilly start to 2015, all we want to do is curl up with a book - or a new Netflix series - and a scented candle. Something new, something different, and something that will make the dark days just that little bit brighter. From fresh, rose scents from Diptyque and Jo Malone to love-inspired concoctions from Miller Harris and Bella Freud, we pick five of the best new candles to begin the new year with here.
career started with her hair, and is still focused on it almost 50 years later. Having begun her modelling career back in 1966 as the short-haired, doe-eyed subject of some very famous hair-salon headshots, she has now inked another contract as the new UK ambassador for L'Oréal Professionnel.

"It all started when I got sent to get a haircut at the House of Leonard. I was just a teenager from Neasden - I had long hair at the time and those drawn-on lashes I became famous for which I wore on non-school days. I mean, I was a mod back then," Twiggy told us. "Leonard saw me and he said: 'I'd like to do a new haircut on you, would you be up for that?'"

Fortunately she was, and Barry Lategan's subsequent headshots of her new short style were put up on the walls of Leonard's salon where they were spotted by a journalist who a week later named Twiggy "The Face of '66" on the cover of the Daily Express.

"So in a way it was the hair that kicked the whole thing off, which is why this partnership with L'Oréal Professionnel is a nice one. Daniel Galvin was the one who did my colour back in 1966 for those famous shots, and he did my colour again for this shoot, so it's come full circle."
These cold, wintery days are the perfect time of year to start planning a good spring clean - indulging in some time away from your normal, hectic life to focus on boosting your health, reassessing your diet and revitalising your wellbeing. Here are six retreat ideas to pique your interest and get you motivated to get a fun healthy adventure booked for 2015.
has been chosen as the newest face of Maybelline New York, joining Adriana Lima, Christy Turlington and Jourdan Dunn and announcing the news herself via her social media accounts.  

"I'm so beyond honoured and excited (at a loss for words, really), to be the new face of Maybelline," tweeted the model, who has walked for the likes of Chanel and Marc Jacobs. "Thank you so much to my team at IMG Models for believing in me and helping make this happen… and thank you to the Maybelline team for being so welcoming; it's a dream come true to be a part of this family. #BornWithIt."
JOINING the likes of Joan Smalls, Arizona Muse and the recently-appointed Kendall Jenner, British model and actress Gabriella Wilde has been signed up as the newest face of Estée Lauder. Spotted by Naomi Campbell aged 14, Wilde is a descendant of Charles II (her full name is the rather impressive Gabriella Zanna Vanessa Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe).

"I am so excited to follow in the footsteps of so many incredible women who have represented Estée Lauder," she said. "They all inspired me and now I hope to inspire others."

As well as an acting career that has seen her star alongside the likes of Colin Firth, Orlando Bloom and Julianne Moore, Wilde has previously modelled for Burberry, Lacoste, Topshop and Abercrombie and Fitch.

"Gabriella is a timeless beauty, a talented actress and an accomplished artist - the perfect new face to reflect the modern image and values of Estée Lauder," said Richard Ferretti, senior vice president and global creative director for Estée Lauder.

With last year's projects having included getting married to musician Alan Pownall and giving birth to their son Sasha, Wilde's first campaign for Estée Lauder will be for Crescent White skincare, launching in March.
