I was looking for a dress for my FIRST wedding. I didn't want a formal "wedding dress" because it was a very intimate wedding-just me and my husband to be. I had ordered several dresses from a few of my favorite stores. Some dresses were much more expensive, and I didn't mind spending a lot on the dress for such an important occasion, but it is this dress that I picked because it looked amazing on me. I am close to 5'9", wore size 14, and didn't need any alterations other than a stitch to reattach one of the ribbons. I do agree with the previous reviewer that the chest part is a little higher than the natural chest, but in my case, it didn't interfere with the look or overall comfort. The dress looks beautiful in person and turned out amazing on my pictures. The stitched ribbons look like roses, which make the dress stand out. We had an unforgettable gondola wedding at the Venetian in Las Vegas, and I got so many compliments I felt like a movie star. The dress, by the way, looks amazing in our wedding video. People I'd never met were asking to take pictures with me and my groom, and women were complimenting the dress :) I also got compliments about the dress from my friends who saw the pictures. Overall, I was more than satisfied with the dress, and Nordstrom once again helped me look beautiful.
I wore this dress to my wedding (first!)--I had actually ordered a whole bunch of dresses from Nordstrom online, but this fit the best and was the most flattering. I'm 5'9" and 220 and the 16 fit nicely. It was comfortable as well. A couple of things to note--it has built in cups, which for me, made it ride up a little. May want to adjust ahead of time for it to stay put. Also, as the pic shows, it's really to your ankle/feet, not the floor. I have gotten tons of compliments on this dress during the wedding and it looks great in pictures. I have to stop myself from telling people how little it cost.
I was looking for a dress for my second wedding.I tried so many expensive dresses and none of them worked for me. Once I put this dress on I did not want to take it off. It is beautiful, flattering, stunning gown and price is the bonus. YES TO THE DRESS!
I said YES! to the dress for my second wedding. I ordered the ivory size 8 and 10 but kept the 8. This dress is beautiful and stunning in person. Classy, a little sexy and it's comfortable. High quality fabric and a great value for the price. I'm 5'6" and with heels the hem is at my ankle, similar to the photo.
Ordered this in the navy and was amazed how beautiful it was. Well made! I went by the size chart and the gown is a little big but afraid to go down a size as it might be too tight., I will just have it taken in a little in the spots in need. I am 5'3" and will be wearing about a 3" heel. It is the perfect length! No hemming needed. The wedding is not for another year, but I am so excited to be able to wear it for my sons special day! A well made beautiful gown!
I found this dress on the Nordstrom website and decided to take my chances and order a dress for my second wedding online. I'm thrilled that I did. The fit is perfect, except it's a little long. I'm 5'3" and need about 2" taken off the bottom.
The dress description recommends ordering one size up. I am a Nordstrom True Fit size 6 (33/27/37), so crossed my fingers and ordered it in a 6. That was the right choice. I suggest ignoring the recommendation to order a size up.
The dress is a beautiful ivory color with gold sparking sequins and a creamy champagne lining. Very comfortable, and a fantastic price, too.
The shorts are exactly as described & as pictured. Fabric is very soft & stretchy. True to size if u want the look as pictured (fits nicely w/a little room in the thigh area) but if u want a form-fitted look, order a size down.
I'm so glad I ordered these! My hubby loves them too
This short fits me perfectly!! It is comfortable and the color is beautiful! I definitely recommend this short for those who are looking for a summer - chic short!!!
I never thought I would pay the price I paid for these shorts but they were worth it! They are more comfortable than my gym shorts plus they fit awesome. My husband commented on them positively and he hardly ever notices my shorts. Love them!
Great summer shorts. Cuffs stay in place and although the material is stretchy, it stays fitted all day long. I ordered my normal size in Hudson (28) and they are a perfect fit - not too tight but not 'boyfriend' style baggy either. For reference I am 5'6, 128 lbs.
I have several pairs of Hudson jeans, and really love them. This was my first pair of Hudson shorts, and I'm just as pleased with them. I ordered the same size as the jeans and the fit is perfect. I really like the stretch to the denim, they fit snug enough I don't need to wear a belt, yet they don't feel the least bit tight. For reference I am 5'6" 120 lbs athletic build. I ordered the 25.
I'm really glad I took a chance on these shorts-the length is great for someone not into the booty shorts look and the classic Hudson styling is good for those of us with a flatter backside.
The only disappointment is the cuffs-I have washed them twice and am noticing the fabric where the cuff folds is wearing a little.
Overall, a great looking pair of shorts for summer!
